a sailor to ascend were happen become a
parliamentary law many originally
developed argument is Salama Yamato
rockabilly addiction facility hallelujah
obvious will mock our enemy
mmm ago clear up the Izod Yoshi credit
auto filmography patottie death Pete
where again where a plant or a patient
in exam a fertilizer the ocean effect
under whoever thought of a unit on
paviva - Chadwick natural oxygen the
fellow had emotional for Punk
she had a TIA what about the book surah
the Sophia spittle Tina the oxygen unit
Sumerian not issue optimal machetes and
haematic worked as happiness very Baku a
little cheated at the front gate of
sushi dark winner of a planetary care of
them occur within the first bishop
length of the ie back in Okinawa and
fake fish and assure you have us the in
Manali
I can be defeated in a hi Carolyn
columns are until our Korean to chat
with Romania to maceration
probably are a Editora Abril to now
Olivia sir Warburton and Yanina
tacos and Cratylus under cheng yaojin
region she held at the hotel Aradia yet
haha you know Artemis the stemming baby
finally volunteers are water pathetic
she Hannity for Kadena Slava's train de
personaje de Chatillon a guru disciple
of the year substitution Karina Karina
maharaj - Shaka Zulu - manager and she
hopped in detention Oaxaca JEP Aviva
autoconfiguration Tina and her husband
melodic gibberish Attila this audience
she had literally interceded Mia in the
Sutra temptation team in hockey Betty
Ann works in every Salafi recycles the
marble Henry maschmann came up Tasha
harassing work on whether at the player
I that Maharaj is having a frozen Habra
it attempted assassination limitless
Sutra yet a weekend you should be was
about the elevator
you shakeela to beat up at Atari
medicine Emma go to the Asian mafia and
I knocked arrowrock kappa bayonetta Tina
evil mujer de Lima kannada nathalia
whether she's a technician people have
an elected official
Aramis mr. artificial banana which is a
holistic medicine and Nestle Kia yoktan
as Mariah Waitaha new inclusion village
is an electrode the Louvre ethnically
eye chakra not anti magic
ladies and gentlemen welcome aboard Oman
air please pay attention to our safety
briefing please stow your hand baggage
in the overhead Locker or beneath the
seat in front of you to fasten your
seatbelt
insert the metal tip into the buckle and
tighten by pulling the strap to unfasten
lift the flap and pull the ends apart
oxygen masks are located in the panel
above you should there be a drop in
cabin pressure your oxygen mask will
drop automatically remain seated and
pull it down sharply to activate the
flow of oxygen place the mask over your
nose and mouth and breathe normally
adjust the mask by tightening the
elastic band always secure your own mask
first before assisting others
there are eight emergency exits on this
aircraft four on the left and four on
the right the evacuation slides are
located at all exits if the aircraft
lands on water doors three left and
three right must not be used if there is
a loss of power the photo luminescent
lights located on the floor will guide
you to your nearest exits your
lifejacket is located in a pouch in the
site panel of your seat in business
class and under your seat in economy
class in a water evacuation remove the
lifejacket from its pouch slip it over
your head then clip and tighten the
strap around your waist prior to leaving
the aircraft at the exit pull the red
tags to inflate your lifejacket
automatically to inflate it manually
blow into the tubes
please read the safety instructions
which is in the seat pocket in front of
you
passengers are advised that smoking is
not permitted anywhere in the aircraft
and that smoke detectors are installed
in all the toilets the use of mobile
phones radio receivers and transmitters
is not permitted at any time during the
flight all other electronic devices must
be switched off during takeoff and land
they sell thank you for your attention